Added documentation about installing python dependencies. (#1237)
guardicore/monkey: monkey/monkey_island/readme.md

    - `pipenv sync --dev`
    - `cd ..`

    Note: If for any reason the above command does not install the dependencies
    use:
    - `python3.7 -m pipenv lock -r --dev > requirements.txt`
    - `python3.7 -m pip install -r requirements.txt`

> 

Reviewer: We should probably just make the deployment scripts do this so that users don't run into this issue. We'll need to update and test the windows script as well.

#### How to run

1. From the `monkey` directory, run `python3.7 ./monkey_island.py`

#### Troubleshooting

> While doing your first commit, there might be some python dependencies not installed on your system.
> The solution for resolving that is to create the `requirements.txt` and to install it
> both in `infection_monkey` and `monkey_island` directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When committing your changes for the first time, you may encounter some errors thrown by the pre-commit hooks. This is most likely because some python dependencies are missing from your system.
To resolve this, use `pipenv` to create a `requirements.txt` for both the `infection_monkey/` and `monkey_island/` requirements and install it with `pip`.
```
